"two-bedroom with a sky terrace and two operable windows facing north with no diagonals and completely renovated with an open kitchen, stainless steel appliances and granite counter tops with maple cabinets. master closets and dressing to die for! separate bar/entertainment area. outstanding and nothing to do but move in.  " "  Fabulous condo in Near West Side! 2100 SF residence features 3bed/2bath, hardwood floors, bright living room with fireplace, eating area table space in kitchen, spacious bedrooms and balcony! Close to everything! Owner Occupants eligible for home warranty incentive; must request on initial offer. HomeSteps Financing is available, see attached flyer for details. Public Act 94-1049 may apply. Cash only, no HOA." "  best condo around!! custom maple cabinetry, granite counter-tops & back splash. pergo flooring. can lighting. all appliances less than 5 years old. bathroom with jetted tub & double sinks. closets with built-in shelving. pottery barn colors - the best! hw heater 5 yrs, furnace/central air hvac system - 1 yr. shared free laundry in basement and storage. parking space.  " Gorg restored facade & new construction from front door back! 45 ft wide+deep lot- HUGE YARD! 7300 sf on 4 levels! 11 ft ceilings + SEVENTY windows flood this XTRA-WIDE home w/light! 4 fam/ hang-out rms! 2 mdrms! 2 lndry rms! Semi-custom opportunity-pick ktchn+bth finishes w/LUXE design team of Soucie Horner! 4 bdrms/ 3 bths/ lndry/ hangout spc on 2nd level! (more on LL) Top flr lofted room! Breathtaking! "  2nd fl - Last Unit! Chi-Assoc of Realtor's Good Neighbor Award WINNER! 1650SF 3BR, 2BA w/bonus computer nook & family room off rear Kitchen w/built-in cooktop/ovens & center island overlooking LRG rear patio. Beautifully restored grand staircase, center light well in each unit for N/S/E/W Exp! French doors, jack & jill bath, LRG storage, Walk-in pantry, Crown molding w/rope lighting.  " "  Amazing oversized 50x240 lot with absolutely gorgeous historic Pullman's architect Solon Spencer Beman's own home. This estate is located in the heart of Kenwood on a fantastic tree-lined street. Untouched vintage details, original woodwork, period light fixtures, leaded glass, 2 woodburning fireplaces, 6 bedrooms 3 baths. 12'ceilings. Beautiful finishes and an incredible layout. The house has central air, two separate systems. One-of-a-kind gardens large front garden with benches, sidewalk, mature trees and flowers, and private garden in the back. There is large 6 car garage and extra outdoor parking spaces in driveway. 2 blocks from President's house." "  huge 3 bedroom 2 1/2 bth brick ranch steps from park ridge. large bedrooms, hardwood floors, dining room, gigantic finished basement with 8' ceilings, second kitchen and half bath. plenty of parking on etra wide side driveway and 2.5 car garg. lathe and plaster construction. roof 2011.furnace and chimney liner 10 yrs ago. covered back porch. 40x 150 lot. so much more.  " "  Come and look this one over. Roof 9 yrs. fur. and air 2 yrs. hwh 6 yrs. This home offers 2 decks, front and back. Plenty of room on the inside, eat in kitchen w/ pantry, huge knotty pine living room, and the basement awaits your finishing touches. Home is in move in condition, bring your appliances and you are all set. Enjoy those summer nights in the front yard, totally fenced. Some updating needed but good bones." magnolia square condo 1 bedroom with hardwood floors washer and dryer hookup sold as is see agent remarks cash only buyers no inspection must show proof of funds with offer must purchase sight unseen. if the agent is the same as the buyer commission will not be paid to agent. property is occupied can not get in. Perfect property for investors. Currently rented by landlord/owner's handyman on a month to month basis. 4BR + Den or 5 BR possibility for larger families. Excellent room and a floor plan that lends itself to conversion into two smaller units. Call today for an appointment to see it. Being sold as is and may require 3rd party contract approval."  must see condo with parking!! tons of light in this top floor unit with high ceilings, skylights, hw floors, open layout kitchen w/ breakfast bar,granite, 42"" cabinets, extra space for dining table, updated baths, w/d in-unit, additional office/den space, huge deck for entertaining, large storage, deeded parking incl. walking distance to lake and redline.  " Well maintained brick 2-Unit with an additional Garden unit. Located on a tree-lined street. Block garage. Unique enclosed front entrances. Heated enclosed rear porches for extra individual entertaining space. Fenced room-to-roam back yard with concrete patio for outdoor entertaining. Convenient to public transportation. Not a short sale or foreclosure. Vacant land with architectural plans for 36 condo units and 2 commercial spaces on the corner of Madison and Oakley. Incredible opportunity for your developers! "  Gorgeous East Lincoln Park single family sitting o a 175 foot lot Very open floor plan. Kitchen flows into a light filled family room, overlooking a beautifully landscaped yard, beautiful front yard as well, truly a gardeners delight. On the 2nd floor are 2 large bdrms-feels like you are in a tree house. 2 car detached garage. 3rd bdrm on lower level. Check out the online pictures. Not to be missed! For more information or to schedule a showing, please contact the Prudential Rubloff listing agent, Maryellen Joyce at 312.368.5919 or mjoyce@Rubloff.com." vacant lot in this area surounded by well maintained 2apts. "  Short Sale. Lot Size: 55 x 126 x 100 x 9. Close to train, Monument Park, downtown Edison Park. Rehab or tear down. Front of house needs a foundation poured/settlement issues. Home is being sold in ""as is"" condition pursuant to short sale. Please allow time for lender response. No Survey. 100% proration on taxes. All offers subject to bank approval. Please allow time for bank response." "  3 Bedroom, 1 Bath 1 Story Bungalow with good curb appeal. Separate Dining Area, full finished Basement and a Parking Pad for 2 Cars in rear. This is a Fannie Mae Property and is approved for HomePath Renovation Financing. Purchase for as little as 3% down.  " "  One of the largest parcels of land available in the heart of Austin Village. Excellent location close to Green Line and Austin Schock Historic District. Zoned R5 allowing great options for development. Just over 3/4 of an acre, 256' x 130'. There are 2 pin numbers for the property. Taxes in listing sheet reflect both pins." "  Lovely co-op located on the University of Chicago campus. WBFL, separate study, large living room.  " "  Attention investors! Large 2 bedroom, 1.5 bath corner unit. Hardwood floors. Bright and comfortable unit in well-managed elevator building. Coin laundry in basement. Walking distance to El and bus downtown. Perfect for first-time buyers or empty-nesters. Hurry. At this price, it won't last SORRY, NO PETS. Unit may be rented. We can close in 5-6 weeks. Price is firm. PARKING SPACE INCLUDED!!!!""  Strong, Red Brick 2 flat building w/ great architecutural features. 2 BR' on First and 3 BR's on Second floor. Seperate furnances. Generous living and dining areas. Ready for ""move in"". Show and Sell. not a ss nor foreclosure. great property features.  " Sold as-is condition. Corp owned. Possible seller financing. "  SO MUCH CHARM! So much space to Design to your own Persona. Classic Brick Bungalow in this Beautiful Community. Sitting Rm/Sun Rm. in LR, French Doors separate LR/DR. Built-in Buffet Cabinet in Spacious Kit. and generous size Pantry. Rec/Rm in Bsmt. Enclosed Porch and, Brick Garage. Mostly cosmetics needed. Open Attic to design addl Living Space for you to Enjoy. HOME WARRANTY Offered.  " "  Magnificent estate on 6 city lots for under $1 million! This home has it all; 6 bedrooms, 3 full and 2 half baths, master suite, large kitchen with top-of-the-line appliances, exquisite wood panelled dining room and offices. Grand living room with wood burning firplace leads to 3 season screened-in porch that overlooks the park-like setting. Distinctive home in Jackson Park that is unmatched in character. Exceptional" "  This Bank Owned Foreclosed Home is a great investor opportunity. It is tenant occupied and buyer assumes responsibility of occupancy. The property will be sold ""As Is, Where Is"" at auction on Tuesday, July 2 at www.Auction.com. The price displayed is the Starting Bid amount of $70000.00. For open house dates and complete property and auction information, please visit Auction.com.  " Recently rehab! Bring your fussiest buyers and they will fall in love. Everything new! Sold as-is. No disclosures. Taxes prorated at 100%. Not a foreclosure or short sale. Certified funds for earnest money. "  Huge 1700 sq. ft. 2bed/2bath penthouse, w/ skylights, big rooms, balcony and private space roof top deck. Diagonal hdwd flrs, granite counter tops with island and lots of closets and storage. Split floor plan. Gas fireplace. Double sink, soaking tub in Master Suite. In-unit washer-dryer. Best Southloop location, steps from trains, Lake Shore, restaurants, shops, soldier field. Has 2 garage parking.  " "  Oldtown/Lincolnpark Spacious 4 Level Townhouse W. Full Basementand Private Rooftop Deck W. City Views. Updated Kitchen With Granite Counter. and 42"" Cabinets. It Features Hardwoodfloor On All Levels (Carpeted Brs Have Wfl Underneath), Floor To Ceiling Windows, Skylight and Wb. Fireplace, Plenty Of Closets and Storage, Private Side Entrance and 1 Ext. Pkg Space. 1 Year Limited Warranty Incl. Unit Needs A Bit Of Updates" "  Majestic Brompton St. Awesome condo puts you just 1/2 block off the lake in wonderful crtyrd bldg magnificently maintained. A throw back to yesteryear when gracious living offered formal DR, spacious entry foyers,ample slumber rooms but w/todays amenities. Beautiful custom kit,1.5 baths, hdwd flrs, organized clsts, lrg stge, bike rm, unique flrplan + all East LV has to offer! Sunny, quite w/unfinished loft space.  " "  Immaculate Professional Rehab Top To Bottom! New Kitchen w 42 Inch Cabs, Counter tops, Sink, Faucets, GFI's & Ceramic Tile Back Splash! New Black Appliances, New Bathrooms, (Vanities, Lights, Faucets, Mirrors, Fixtures) New Light Fixtures & Ceiling Fans! Refinished floors, new trim and paint! New Exterior and Interior Doors with new handles! New mechanical, tuck-pointing repairs & so much more!""  Complete info: http://2631west63rdstreet.ePropertySites.com - GREAT INVESTMENT PRIME CORNER 3 UNITS SINGLE STORY RETAIL PROPERTY.LOCATED IN RAPIDLY GROWING AND IMPROVING AREA.EXCELLENT VISIBILITY HIGH PEDESTRIAN TRAFFIC,NEWER ROOF ON SOME UNITS,NEWER STORE FRONTS,10 CAR PARKING IN BACK OF BLD.SELLER MOTIVATED,WILL CONSDER ALL OFFERS,HURRY YOU DO NOT WANT TO MISS THIS ONE.  " Spacious 4 bedroom 1 bath property. Home needs In need of some TCL and has lots of potential of becoming a cozy home. Property sold &quot;As-Is&quot;&quot;Info deemed reliable but not guaranteed. Buyer must verify info.&quot; This three story buff brick&limestone home on a double lot has been exquisitely preserved.The large 15' high private walled courtyard w/landscaped gardens create a private urban oasis.Gracious rooms w/hardwood floors throughout.2 wood-burning fireplaces &1 gas fireplace.Gourmet kitchen w/attached gazebo.5 spacious bedrooms w/5 bathrooms&2 half bathrooms w/vintage details.Walnut paneled library w/french doors to grdn. "  BEAUTIFUL 3BD/2BA CONDO PARKING 30k extra TOP OF THE LINE FINISHES INCL: GRANITE KIT, 42&quot; ITALIAN CABS, HARDW00D FLRS THROUGHOUT, GRANITE FIREPLACE, 2 BALCONIES, 10&apos; CEILINGS, &amp; MARBLE BATHS. MSTR BATH HAS WHIRLPOOL TUB W/ SEP SHOWER W/5 JETS!- ALL WITH A GREAT VIEW! NEAR CTA, LOOP, LAKE, GROCERY, DINING. CREATIVE FINANCING AVAILABLE!" "  Excellent location! This 3 bedroom plus den and 1 bath, English style brick SF home sits on a great lot near highways and transportation. Hardwood floors under most carpeting in this home too. There is a full basement for extra storage and potential living space with sump pump. 2.5 car garage. Tons of natural light It's a true gem!  " large 2 unit located walking distance to rainbow beach. this is a fannie mae home path property. purchase with a little as 3 % down. could be good income / money maker. repairs neeeded. property sold as is. seller does not provide survey or termite inspection. property is offered to owner occupant buyers only for the first 15 days market time. "  Fannie Mae Homepath: Spacious, sunny, and well laid out 2 flat in convenient neighborhood surround by commercial and retail development. The property features a garage, in tact kitchens and bathrooms in good shape, full basement, and good bedroom sizes. The property is also close to parks and public transportation.  " "  corner bungalow with 3 bedroom, eat in kitchen, 2 .1 bath and basement." "  well kept home, owner is motivated and please pre approve buyers  " "  Gorgeous 2bd/2ba condo-loft at the clinton complex. Condo features large mstr bedroom w/ dbl sink in mstr bath. Open kitchen with island that features granite counters & maple cabinets. Plenty of space for dining & a great living space. Outdoor patio space off living room. Full amenity building that features doorman, building mgmt on site & exercise facilties."